# HBO & Room 246 & Poems

Honey, if you do not have this collection started yet, can you?

In 2016, There was a documentray on HBO I watched a long time ago before I moved to California. I have not tried to find the name of it, but I should. For now, here it is, but as much as I loved it then, it makes so much more sense to me now.

```text
And on the dark side of me
all the places I hid
they came
together and
the ways that I
pretended
I hated who I
was. I hated
who I had
become.
The ways I
thought I was
so clever
seemed like
nothing and I
was left
standing there
smiling like an
idiot...
where is all
the brilliant
philosophy?
where was this
heart of mine?
The soft sounds
of the voice
inside my head
talking to me
like a crowd
about to mutiny
because
there's no
water
and the sun is
too hot here in
the
amphitheator.
and water has
surrounded
the world

~ unknown, a time in 2016 on HBO
```

I commented on this video to leave a trail for myself. What I said in the comments is still true. It seems like that would make a nice bridge into who I am as an artist. Who that artist is to you, the reader, or myself is something all of us will have to decide.

https://youtu.be/mzB1VGEGcSU

If you were to call me a musician, then there would not be much of a disagreement on my end, but the time of my life ran its course. I recorded some music of my own before the decision was made to go back to college. The University of Wisconsin-Madison is where I studied, but the music I made before my time in college was reactivated shortly before I left California. This is as far as I got.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vYct-sWfYqI

It was all for fun, but I learned more than I could ask for. It was wiht this effort that I discovered what a distribution company was, where I better understood the responsibilies of a producer, and learned much more about media than expected. There is more value in my other work that deserves a mention. It will have to be this essay. For fun, maybe HBO will let me pretend their initialism stands for Human Box Office for now. It fits my narative of make-believe anyways, but back to that poem.

When I finally found that yellow legal pad, where I wrote it down, my heart fluttered because it created the passage of myself through a rather brief moment in time. We will get back to why a chose that description later. Five Leaves Left, remember?

Nick Drake was an artist I was into during the time I was learning how to record music. There is this box set of vinyl that contained three albums and a DVD. It was a documentary about his life, but the romantic in me almost forgot a line that I hope is accurately quoted here.

```shell
If you met a girl and took her back to her room and if there were some Nick Drake records there, you were probably going to want to marry her.

~ A Skin Too Few
```

Not too long ago, a few weeks actually, those albums brought me into this world or frame-of-mind that I just cannot explain. It feels like any explanation would subtract from the work I played with. For example, my notes are being kept as lists by the sound of my voice, whihch is not cool anymore, but it is getting a little cooler I think. After all those nights in hotel rooms, she never knocked, but hold on, Google.

The romance in the story does not stop with just London. In Chicargo I found myself in an Airbnb because reasons, but if time matters in this track through the buffer, then imagine it befofe any of that marching happened in Indianapolis, Cincinatti, Los Angeles once again, back to Chicago by train, then Milwaukee, then Chicago again, now Milwaukee.

This is the time in Chicago after Madison. This is the same Madison just before the pandemic _really_ hit. It was the Madison I was haphazardly aiming for when I set course out of the first Los Angeles by car on Halloween night. If you can breath all that in, thank you, because all these videos I started flinging into the clouds created a strom for me and most of this make-believe is hard-to-believe.

That whole mess is why I want to tell you about Aida Garifulina. Again, there is this plight I am on to rescue a princess, my identiity, and the world we live in today.

There are five leaves left, and the first is today. The final four _number_ the days remaining in this motel room, right now, at the Econolodge in Wisconsin. Room 246 by the Mitchel International Airport, about 90 minutes north of Chicago by car.

Too bad I lost my passport, my California Real ID, both of those including the two replacemtns I tried to order online. So, I am left with only a birth certificate and thirty-five dollars in cash.

Before I talk about, that which I guess I redacted in some weird way, please know that you can ask me any time you want and none of you are going to get the same answer. It is unexplainable, but it is also part of the story that is more like one bird with two stones instead of two birds one stone. The other way. You can have the Aida story in its own essay, after that, We should never talk about the earthquake ever again.

https://open.spotify.com/track/6uLlZcO64fwai9z9GtZRb5

There was this guy I knew at work years ago, but there was this amazing thing I just could not comprehend about what he said to me. It is personal, so I cannot get too detailed, but please know this. He forgave someone for someting unimaginable. That may change the tone here in some other direction, but the truth is, my life would not be the same wihtout that story. Jake was a musician. A very good one. He is also the man that told me about that album. So, Jake, if your are listening, God bless you, brother.

https://github.com/MichaelRCruz/las-noticias/blob/master/35.md

The romance in the story does not stop with just London. In Chicargo I found myself in an Airbnb because reasons, but if time matters in this track through the buffer, then imagine it befofe any of that marching happened in Indianapolis, Cincinatti, Los Angeles once again, back to Chicago by train, then Milwaukee, then Chicago again, now Milwaukee.

This is the time in Chicago after Madison. This is the same Madison just before the pandemic _really_ hit. It was the Madison I was haphazardly aiming for when I set course out of the first Los Angeles by car on Halloween night. If you can breath all that in, thank you, because all these videos I started flinging into the clouds created a strom for me and most of this make-believe is hard-to-believe.

That whole mess is why I want to tell you about Aida Garifulina. Again, there is this plight I am on to rescue a princess, my identiity, and the world we live in today.

There are five leaves left, and the first is today. The final four _number_ the days remaining in this motel room, right now, at the Econolodge in Wisconsin. Room 246 by the Mitchel International Airport, about 90 minutes north of Chicago by car.

Too bad I lost my passport, my California Real ID, both of those including the two replacemtns I tried to order online. So, I am left with only a birth certificate and thirty-five dollars in cash.

Before I talk about, that which I guess I redacted in some weird way, please know that you can ask me any time you want and none of you are going to get the same answer. It is unexplainable, but it is also part of the story that is more like one bird with two stones instead of two birds one stone. The other way. You can have the Aida story in its own essay, after that, We should never talk about the earthquake ever again.

https://open.spotify.com/track/6uLlZcO64fwai9z9GtZRb5

There was this guy I knew at work years ago, but there was this amazing thing I just could not comprehend about what he said to me. It is personal, so I cannot get too detailed, but please know this. He forgave someone for someting unimaginable. That may change the tone here in some other direction, but the truth is, my life would not be the same wihtout that story. Jake was a musician. A very good one. He is also the man that told me about that album. So, Jake, if your are listening, God bless you, brother.

https://github.com/MichaelRCruz/las-noticias/blob/master/35.md

I can
tell you
everything I
know about
the baseball game
in front
of us,
but you remain
suspicious of
the same facts
you would
tell me
in a stereo
opposite. Suspicion
may be
confused with
the index
I am
running on
my priorities.
Slow motion
lets me see
those, like we
all do,
as they are
sorted in
real time.
Since I am
able to
do with
an unknown fetch
and the results
of this search
are the people
I love, thus
God really is
taking care of me.
Since 33
in 100
chimes thrice,
then one rose
is three:
my oblivion,
my awareness,
and a constant
God.
" ~ i

~ completeunknown

Before I crashed my car I had the option of staying at a hotel. It was the hipster kind, but it was also what I was looking for that night. This was long before anything bad and shortly after everything good. I pulled up in my 2020 Subaru Outback, got out, checked the rate, and said no. I hesitated before I got back in my car and left, but the hesitation was over a cig and lasted for a few moments. The world was just weird to me starting then.

The thing is this was all before the Milwaukee police had me straped to that table and took my blood for no justifyable reason at all, but maybe there was another reason that happened. Maybe alongside that injustice is someting that is letting me tell you about how much I wrote to those that were connected to my laptop without my permission.

I mashed messages through that wire that I felt made it to someplace the Internet does not allow in some ways. It was not illegal by any means. It was only possible becauae _they_ were connecred to my machine in some way. The important part is that I rememebred something I leanred at the very start of my programming career. Netstat & Wall.

Through the wire went basically anything I could think of, but it was all in anger. I did not know who it was because I never bothered to look close enough. It did not matter. There is regret though and it is I failed to send something like the following.

```text
Dear Rose,

I do not remember your name, but
if I could call you, then this is
what I would say.

I would tell you that I do not
know the sound of your voice, nor
what you look like, nor what you
smell like, or the colors of you.
The only thing I have is the
feeling that you are here in a way
but what do we do with that?

For a moment I wonder the reason,
but I know myself and I would say
that it is better than nothing and
I would ask you to be here just in
case.

The way that I see the world is
through even numbers and for the
first time, my world is without
logic so does that mean I am dead?
I search for it in my mind, but it
is not here so maybe I do not
think I should stay nor should you
have to live this torture.

Everything is upside down, but in
this terrible way that it can
leadto madness.

It is this tweak or refraction.
Maybe this is all I can say about
this world. It has a bend to it
like when you are fishing and the
tip of your pole breaks the
surface of the water. Your mind
will reach for it, but it is
shifted a little in a direction
relative to the sun.

The shape this dimension makes is
like the shadow of a deck of cards
but there are only two shadows
that have two sets of angles. If
all four corners are equal, then
try another one of the six
shadows. A 1/3 chance.

The shadow you need makes a unique
shape that Mr. Garmin called a
parallelogram in sixth grade
geometry. I remember that day
because of my joke about not
making your bed. It was the
funniest thing I ever said in
school.

Can you measure the area of all
six shadows, record the sum of the
two parallelograms, then record
the sum of the remaining four
areas? divide one with the other.
If the product is less than 1,
take that value and divide by 2.

That is where you will find me. If
you decide to take my spaceship,
then know how to sail a boat on an
ocean that floods the ceiling of a
room shaped like a sphere.

I found the map to everything.
Tell somebody, but just-in-case,
play DOOM and know all the cheat
codes and also the number I am
thinking of.

~ completeunknown
```