# The Aida Story

This will be the most romantic love story that you might know in your lifetime. I really mean that because it truly is by the grace of God that this happened. The only way I can share this story is to start with my experience in Chicago. This was before my attempt to leave for New York. I never made it to the Big Apple because fate, I guess.

This story starts with a friend. He traveled a long way to get to Chicago before I left there for the first time. As much as I would like to know how this friend of mine came to be the friend that he is, as much as I want to know how this friend found me there, why he found me in Chicago, and every other detail I seem to want to know, I guess those questions just do not matter to me anymore. What _does_ matter is what he taught me.

That summer, Chicago was an escape from Milwaukee. Before that, Madison was an escape from Los Angeles and Milwaukee became the escape from Madison. Apparently, I have been on the run with no direction home for quite a while now, but it all sort of makes sense why things happened the way they did. Sometimes I like to think that way because it's humbling. A retrospective state-of-mind is usually where I learn the most. It is important for you to know that there was a reason I was running. It very much seemed as if people began to know me. The problem was that my family, for some reason, just would not comprehend this. I mean, the cognitive dissonance on their end was, and still is, very real.

I mean, I guess my work is difficult to understand for most, but you would think that a parent or a sibling out of pure loyalty would stand by me. They wouldn't. Despite my best efforts, they just were not receptive to my success. Imagine yourself building one of the most significant things imaginable, but your family seemed to find ways, any way, to trivialise your pursuit of happiness.

I am not sure _exactly_ who, but some family out there stepped in when it mattered the most. For that, I am forever thankful and will never be able to repay that debt. The fact is they still did. They all stepped up. I have to tell you that the emotions I feel from that are very complicated, but in a very good way. It is a very strong emotion that chokes me up every time. I mean, there is no practical way to show this, but the support from this family is there somehow. I can just feel it. Maybe they just knew or expected the abandonment I suffered from. Maybe not. I do not know. I might not ever know, but I can tell you it has broadened my understanding of love that not many people will experience in their lifetimes. It really is the only thing that kept me going through this odyssey. Thank you – all of you.

Russ and I walked around Chicago together and there was something about him that told me he was on a mission of some kind. I mean, it was almost as if he was tasked to show me the city in a way I would be able to survive. I know that sounds a bit dramatic, but it was the subtle things in life that he showed me. For example, one afternoon him and I shared lunch together, but what I really liked about him was how he liked to share his food. There is something about that kind of hospitality that shows your heart. I mean, when I share like that it feels so good. Taking care of people just feels good to me. There is a particular kind of emotion that comes from sharing and giving that really brings me joy and I could tell that Russ was the same way. It was not just food he shared, it was also bits and pieces of culture that I very much needed and missed over the years. I was lacking more than I thought and Russ just knew it. Russ stuck around until he felt confident I was back to normal. Russ likes boxing and he loves Mike Tyson. If not for this kind of friendship, I may have never snapped out of the cultural trance I was caught in.

So, Russ, I have to change my walk-out song. If I were a boxer as great as Mike Tyson, my walk-out song would be "Bitter Sweet Symphony" by the Verve, lol. I mean "Tom Sawyer" by Rush is my tried and true, but since you need to switch it up sometimes, I have to go with "Bitter Sweet Symphony". That ought to scare the fuck out of my enemies, haha. I mean, when I hear those violins it's cathartic enough for me to win any fight which I just fucking do for some reason. I think it's just pure heart that allows me to do that. Also, knowing the truth, but more importantly, having God on your side. If you're wondering, yes, I'm undefeated. Believe that.

Russ is my height and has a Russian accent, but does not look Russian in the least. He grew up in Chicago though, but the accent tells me that he spent some time over seas. You have to understand that this kind of instant loyalty and respect was something that I was missing from my old friend group back in Los Angeles. Those guys were the ones that I sort of pictured as my future groomsmen and such. Unfortunately, those guys and I are no longer friends, thankfully, and maybe Russ knew that somehow. Maybe he kind of knew what I was missing in those kinds of relationships that every man deserves. Assuming Russ was sent by someone or assuming he acted on his own, either way I could sort of tell that he actually cared. I say this because he never forced any of this on me. There was a lot of patience on his part.

The most important part here is the woman he told me about. There may be some backstory I am missing here, but I just cannot help getting to this part because it changed my life in more ways than I have time to discuss. I just could not get her off my mind. I never met her in person, but I can tell you she is the most beautiful woman in this world. The first thing I told Russ when I heard her voice was that she is the one I would move mountains for. I do not even know if that is a saying and I can say that I have never said that before about anything, but I said it that summer day in Chicago. She has been on my mind ever since and I very much meant what I said.

If you ever watched the movie, Stand By Me, you might remember that scene with the train. Do you remember when Vern lost his comb and had to take it slow across those tracks by crawling on his knees? If you pay close attention, you'll notice that Denny stayed behind him the whole time despite the impending danger of the train that was surely going to run them off the tracks to certain death. Denny was there to push him forward and never left him. The other half of the crew yelled towards them encouraging them to hurry to safety. That is the kind of loyalty and friendship that I value more than basically anything in life because I will tell you with certainty that one cannot survive without that kind of love for your brother. This is the way I wish we all were with each other once again. I firmly believe that this lack of brotherly love is the cause of many of the world's problems. Here in the states, it seems a lot of people forgot this lesson.

Russ called me one day asking for help. He was humble enough to admit the reason for his disposition and I am humble enough to tell you that I was suspicious of his ask. He just wanted money, which is okay, but also, I had barely any of. In fact, I still do not have much money today and have to fight daily for those that continue to steal the little money I have left, like for real.

One day, though, when I felt my work was done in Los Angeles, I reached out to Russ to see if he was doing better. It seemed as if he was, but I could tell he was still hungry. He was negative in his bank account and the empathy I felt for him commanded me to give what I had. I had about $900 to my name, but I felt compelled to share. I sent Russ $300 for whatever he needed and promised I would be back in Chicago for him soon. Again, I cannot describe the emotions a man feels when he takes care of another without expectation or call for debt. You have to try for yourself and you will see that the bond you form will be one of the most valuable things a man can experience. It is something beyond loyalty and exists as one of those special relationships available in life.

People steal from me, but I think it is motivated by jealousy and the goal is sabotage. I mean, they lose every time, but the internet is not the same place anymore. The passwords you use have become obsolete. You still need them though because it will take time to phase them out. They protect nothing so I have fun with them. It is a little juvenile of me to use 420 in basically _all_ my passwords. The bad guys know this which means their leaders do as well which means that everyone fighting this war knows this and knows exactly who the fuck I am. It has kind of become my signature, not that I own it, but it has become one of my signatures for sure. Please know that this is a very important detail in this love story.

In addition to the stealing, the sabotage also comes in the form of gaslighting, and it even has almost led to my own starvation on the streets of Los Angeles. You see, sometimes when you are poisoned, you might develop this incredibly dangerous fear that it will happen again. This means you are terrified to eat or drink anything. This fear in Los Angeles was very obviously exasperated by the actions of some that I do not care to get into now, but yes. I woke up drenched in my own sweat on the bathroom floor of this evil woman's AirBnb in Chicago after eating a donut she gave me one day. I still can't eat bakery because of this despite how good it smells all the time. So, I went five days without food because of this and I had to force myself to get over this fear somehow and thankfully I did. Five days without food is a long tim.

It was a fight against the city that I thought loved me and I think some of them do in a very major way because of the art I followed. The good guys were there. I could feel it, but the bad guys were louder. They were also very old-school in there attempts to fuck me up. Imagine everywhere you go there is someone making some kind of noise to get in your head. They would scrape shovels on the ground. They would send very loud garbage trucks to the hotel parking lot I was staying in to pick up every can they could find. The back up alarms seemed to be their favourites. It was very difficult to find a place to stay because it does not take much to put someone on the streets. You have to lie to them and say the credit card did not go through even though the transaction did anyways. How can you argue this? These days you can't because these evil people have removed almost all ways for us to communicate in person. They force you to do everything online. The reason is that this is where they fuck you.

I can tell you for a fact that their favourite is the mask. That is their favourite device, but again, this is a love story. I will have to save those details for another chapter.

However, everything I say has a reason. The reason is one morning I was fighting to get a hotel because I was not allowed to sit and buy a plane ticket at the airport. They expect you to just fucking have one when you get there. They shut everything down and it has become so bad that basically every establishment has been ordered to remove their power outlets from outside so you cannot charge your phone or computer. Take a look for yourself. The same goes for water. All public ways we have been used to getting water in public have been removed. I figured it out though. I figured out how to turn the water on in some areas of west Los Angeles and was working on a solution for ways for us to get electricity again.

Remember when I told Russ that I would move mountains for her? I kept my promise. As I was fighting to secure a hotel room near the Bob Hope airport the exhaustion was starting to kick in because my adrenaline I guess was running out, but a miracle happened that morning. The moment I fell asleep in that hotel lobby a 4.20 magnitude earthquake struck about a mile distance from the San Fernando valley. That was the epicenter and guess where I was. So, yes. That was me.

You can say and think what you want, but I can tell you that whichever reality you choose to believe, know that it exposes you. I will know exactly which side you serve in this war. That, my friends, is another strategy of mine they were not expecting and it is fucking working. It really upsets them because they were supposed to be a secret force. The enemy in this new World War took a mighty blow thrown by, yours truly, Michael Ramon Cruz. I just removed their masks all at once for the world to see, but fuck _they_. Now you will know who _they_ are and that my friends is what will lead to our victory.

The story continues. After that first earthquake hit, it woke up something fierce inside me and I knew exactly what that gift from God was for. I checked my phone not too long after that 4.20 magnitude earthquake hit and there was a message for me. It was Russ. He asked how I was doing, which I could tell meant something else. I had to make it clear what exactly that earthquake meant. I had to confirm with Russ that she knew. He confirmed, but I had to know what she said. What was her response.

"She said she loves you, dude", but it turns out, he was lying. Russ was not in Chicago when he said he would be and I never met Aida.